TH
I need help designing a single page website for my business.  I want it to be simple and easy to navigate but graphically complex and impressive.  The name of the business is NuTech Fusion.  The purpose of the business is to provide technology based services to clients as well as consulting.
I have a wide range of skill sets but need help consolidating them into the most relevant and attractive offerings without looking too unfocused.  I’d like to focus on applying AI tools
To a clients business.  These would include chat bots for internal business use that have general knowledge, specific knowledge or trained on internal information, a Customer service chatbot to answer common questions, help the end customers navigate services and engage with customers to make recommendations.  Another AI offering would be automation for repetitive tasks and maintaining an online presence.  Also, there would be setting up content creation workflows for media like images and writing for things like articles and blog posts.  There are also AI media services like informational and training videos, text to audio for things like narration and the generation of step by step guides and presentations.
Aside from AI tools I have experience with virtual reality content creation and hardware expertise.  I can help customers with hardware recommendations and acquisition.  I can also create VR experiences involving interactive simulations or video content.  I have experience in applications of VR that include commercial real estate planning, residential real estate tours, virtualization of existing locations, medical scenario simulations, product galleries / displays and custom gaming and animation projects.
 I have experience with gaming and animation industry skill sets that include, 3d character animation, character design, rigging, prop and entertainment modeling, uv mapping, texture and shading, lighting, general sculpting, lip sync animation, writing/scripting, sound engineering, post production, color correction and grading, level design, prototyping, MVP.  I also have experience with Unity, Unreal engine, Blender, photoshop, adobe premiere, after effects and substance painter.  I also have experience with C sharp, JavaScript and python.
I have experience with web design, css and responsive websites, though I’d rather not highlight that as much.
I have lots of experience with computers and troubleshooting around computers and all apple devices, though mainly computers, phones and tablets. I’ve built PC computers so I’m familiar with pc parts and planning a custom build based on need.  I also have intermediate expertise on networking.
I have a lot of experience with 3D printing as well, including designing for printing.
I have knowledge around social media management and marketing.  I’ve put together marketing plans for online crowd funded content creators, executed those plans and consulted with other online content creators to help them grow their reach and funding.
Let’s take this step by step.  First I need help with flushing out my listed skillsets.  Ask me questions related to the ones I’ve mentioned to help see if there’s anything I missed or anything that can be added.  Then let’s build a detailed overview of my business offering around my skillsets that I have that can be used for multiple things like building the website, but also building a full business plan.


