I’ve made a ChatBot with its own prompt library, one that can use multiple models to get  the best answer to the question and one that can use multiple steps for a more, one that can accept all input types to use as a database for answering questions, one that can run completely local;y and one that can build a database from YouTube videos.

I’ve setup a multi model LLM for client as well as art ai.  For another client I got them started on a customized text and art gen AI system.

I have tested different models for suitability and quality as well as keeping track of leaderboards to keep up with new models and techniques.

As far as AI platforms and frameworks I have experience mostly with python, but I know some javascript as well.  I also have experience with Next.JS and React.  I've worked with OpenAI, Anthropic, Grok, Mistral, Gemini and Perplexity along with their APIs.  I've also worked with a few AI based tools like, several gerative AI text and art based AI and auto like Eleven Labs.  All the ones I just mentioned should be considered natural language processing and predictive models as far as I know.  I haven't done anything with machine learning.  I've also some a little data analysis and am familiar with some techniques that could be used for AI data anaylsis.

I’ve built for the oculus, vive, MR and XR, both computer and mobile VR.  I have not worked much with AR.

I worked on a vr project for a construction project.  A church was looking to expand by building an assisted living facility on their property.  The community had some concerns over how the new building would look in the neighborhood.  The minister was in charge of the project and I built a VR version of the church, the new building and tghe houses surround the property as a one to one representation of how it would look in the neighborhood.  IN another project I built an empathy tool for psychiatrist of children with ADHD so their parents could experience what is it like to have ADHD.  I also put together an oil RIG in VR that could later be expanded into a training tool.  Between pc and mobile VR, there are quite a few more restrictions on what can be put into the mobile version, so the focus would be more on the experience than the graphics. I am interested in expanding into AR.  While I haven't done much development with it I do have experience with different AR devices, ideas for experiences and plans to build based on those ideas.  Some of my ideas for AR would work in an MR environment as well and my experience with developing for VR means that I'd be using the same development software for the MR experiences.  For XR I've used Unity mainly, but I have some experience with Unreal.  Also to prepare content for the experiences I've used Blender, Photoshop. Substance Painter to name a few.

Yes I have working on a large motion capture project and also have extensive knowledge and experience with both particle systems and fluid simulations

the motion capture was a combination of gaming and film, I hired the actors, booked the location and helped direct the acting.  I also worked on managing the files. I have used particle systems for environments, like rain, fire, flowing water, sparks.  I've also used it for character effects.  I've also worked with cloth sims and hair/fure systems and have limited experience with fracturing/destruction and crowd sims.  I do have experience with arnold and cycles, but I dont really use Maya anymore and mainly use blenders eevee and cycles render engines

in python I've worked with running scripts manually or automatically with batch files, running through the browser with GUIs liek streamlit and running self contained apps like tkinter and PyQT.  I have experience with Next.JS browser and self container tauri builds and that includes backend and frontend apps.  I have worked with multiple APIs including AI based ones, search and web scraping for data collection and managment.  I do have experience with game coding in C#.

I've built helped source workstation computers and built ones for graphics intense work, gaming and render farms.  I have worked with LAN and wireless networks.  I have experience with planning server equipment needs and some experience with server hardware.  With Apple I've done troubleshooting on iphone, ipad, ipod, apple watch and mac mobiel and desktop computers.

Ive mostly worked with FDM, but I have knowledge and some expreince with resin printing.  I also have some experience with carbon fiber and powder based printers.  I have printed a wide variety including propotypes, functional prints and display pieces.  I have also taken client requests for mulitple prints for events.  I have designed prints as well based on neccesary specs and have the knowledge to handle model scanning as well.  I have done some post processing and have knowledge of a wide variety of post processing methods.

